today is the beginning of classes Monday
and it's of course a beautiful day in
Carlisle as the weather normally is
there's no such thing as car drizzle
whatsoever but it is no humidity the Sun
is out and the students are smiling and
engaging what is course a very exciting
day for everyone and that is the first
day of classes but I did want to pause
and come to you and thank you for your
support in making the 2006-2007 year the
academic year one of the best
fundraising years in our history over
8,000 donors contributed 17 million
making this the fifth best overall
fundraising year ever in the history of
our College our achievements start with
the annual fund that surged ahead by 20
percent growing from 2.7 million to 3.6
million parent giving doubled to 1.2
million and the college received 30
gifts of $100,000 or more during the
course of this year the first in America
fulfilling our destiny campaign reached
a milestone of 100 million now that's
nearly double what was raised in the
entire last campaign in the 90s and this
was accomplished in the first year of
the public phase alone there are still
four more years to go our success has
come in some very very special ways for
example eighty-nine percent of the
college's faculty and staff contributed
to the capital campaign that's an
incredible outstanding number
eighty-three percent of the 50th reunion
class gave to the College and seventy
percent seventy-two percent of the most
recently graduating class of two
thousand seven contributed these
accomplishments represent a tremendous
endorsement of Dickinson from all of you
without your unwavering commitment we
could not have achieved these impressive
levels of support your enthusiasm
encourages us to be bold and fulfill our
destiny but let me be more direct about
how important 17 million is to the
college and especially to our faculty
and students three million was can
tributed to scholarship support this
year this means that the college can
fund 160 full grant and aid scholarships
at nineteen thousand dollars per student
that is nearly five percent of the stoat
total student enrollment 8.3 million was
contributed toward the construction of a
critically important new science complex
that will place Dickinson among the top
liberal arts colleges for undergraduate
science for the first time in our
history we have raised the construction
cost of a building without or excuse me
with private support very very critical
the two million raise this year for
faculty programs allows us to endow one
full professorship and add to our
already talented group of academics and
we're not done there by any means these
are just a few examples of the criticals
critically important support that comes
from private sources dickinson college
today has extraordinary momentum
something all of us can be proud of the
momentum is about you and the thousands
of others who care about the college who
care deeply about our alma mater the
size of the network of alumni parents
and friends who advocate advise
volunteer and financially support
Dickinson will determine how much
Dickinson can and will achieve in the
future and again we are very ambitious
we have much to achieve for a high
quality premium liberal arts education
thank you again for your financial
support and for believing in our future
you